Who can dwell with greatness, with greatness! Greatness is too high, too high; Flowers are for the meadow, Suns are for the sky; Ah! but there is greatness in this land of ours, High as the sunlight, high as the sunlight, Humble as the flowers, humble as the flowers! Queen, of thee the fable, of thee the fable! Lady thine the fate, the fate! Royal, and yet lowly, Lowly and yet great; Great in far dominion Great in pomp of years, Great in far dominion, Great in pomp of years, Greater still as woman, greater still as woman, Greatest in thy tears, greatest in thy tears, greatest in thy tears!
Who can dwell with greatness, with greatness! Greatness is too high, too high; Flowers are for the meadow, Suns are for the sky; Ah! but there is greatness in this land of ours, High as the sunlight, high as the sunlight, Humble as the flowers, humble as the flowers Queen, of thee the fable, of thee the fable! Lady thine the fate, the fate! Royal, and yet lowly, Lowly and yet great; Great in far dominion, Great in pomp of years, Great in far dominion Great in pomp of years, greater still as woman, as woman, Greatest in thy tears, greatest in thy tears, greatest in thy tears!
Who can dwell with greatness, with greatness, greatness! Greatness is too high, too high; Flowers are for the meadow, Suns, Suns are for the sky, for the sky; Ah! but there is greatness in this land of ours, High as the sunlight, high as the sunlight, Humble as the flowers, humble as the flowers! Queen, of thee the fable, of thee the fable! Lady thine the fate, the fate! Royal, and yet lowly, Lowly and yet great; Great in far dominion, Great in pomp of years, Great in far dominion, Great in pomp of years, Greater still as woman, as woman, Greatest in thy tears, greatest in thy tears, thy tears!
Who can dwell with greatness, with greatness, greatness! Greatness is too high, too high; Flowers are for the meadow, Suns are for the sky, for the sky; Ah! but there is greatness in this land of ours, High as the sunlight, high as the sunlight, Humble as the flowers, humble as the flowers. Queen, of thee the fable, of thee the fable! Lady thine the fate, the fate! Royal, and yet lowly, Lowly and yet great; Great in far dominion, Great in pomp of years, Great in far dominion, Great in pomp of years Greater still as woman, Greater still as woman, Greatest in thy tears, greatest in thy tears, thy tears!
Who can dwell with greatness, with greatness! Greatness is too high, too high; Flowers are for the meadow, Suns are for the sky, for the sky; Ah! but there is greatness in this land of ours, High as the sunlight, high as the sunlight, Humble as the flowers, humble as the flowers! Queen, of thee the fable, the fable! Lady thine the fate, the fate! Royal, and yet lowly, Lowly and yet great; Great in far dominion, Great in pomp of years, in pomp of years, Greater stillas woman, Greater stillas woman, Greatest in thy tears, greatest in thy tears, in thy tears!
