A thousand years, by sea and land, a thousand years, a thousand years, Our race hath served, our race hath served, hath served the island kings. But not by Custom’s dull command, but not by Custom’s dull command, but not by Custom’s dull command, Today with song, with song, with song Her empire rings. today, today with song Her empire rings. Not all the glories, the glories of Her birth, Her armed re nown and ancient throne Could make Her less the child of earth, could make Her less the child of earth, Or give Her hopes beyond our own, hopes beyond our own. But stayed on faith more sternly proved, but stayed on faith more sternly proved And pride than ours more pure and deep, and pride than ours more pure and deep, She loves the land, she loves the land, the land our fathers loved, And keeps, and keeps the fame our sons shall keep, the fame our sons shall keep.
A thousand years, by sea and land, a thousand years, a thousand years, Our race hath served, our race hath served, hath served, our race hath served the island kings. But not by Custom’s dull command, but not by Custom’s dull command, but not by Custom’s dull command, but not by Custom’s dull command, Today with song, today with song Her empire rings. today, today with song Her empire rings. Not all the glories of Her birth, Her armed re nown and ancient, ancient throne Could make Her less the child of earth, could make Her less the child of earth Or give Her hopes beyond our own, hopes beyond our own. But stayed on faith, stayed, but stayed on faith more sternly proved, And pride than ours, than ours more pure and deep, and pride than ours more pure and deep. She loves the land, she loves the land our fathers loved, And keeps, and keeps the fame our sons shall keep, the fame our sons shall keep.
A thousand years, by sea and land, a thousand years, a thousand years, Our race hath served, hath served the island kings, our race hath served the island kings, our race hath served the island kings. But not by Custom’s dull command, but not by Custom’s dull command, but not by Custom’s dull command, but not by Custom’s dull command, Today with song, today with song, today with song Her empire rings, today today with song Her empire rings. Not all the glories, the glories of Her birth, Her armed re nown and ancient throne Could make Her less the child of earth, could make Her less the child of earth, Or give Her hopes beyond our own, hopes beyond our own. But stayed on faith more sternly proved, but stayed on faith more sternly proved, And pride than ours more pure and deep, more pure and deep, and pride than ours more pure and deep, She loves the land, she loves the land, she loves the land our fathers loved, And keeps, and keeps the fame our sons shall keep, the fame our sons shall keep.
A thousand years, by sea and land, a thousand years, a thousand years, Our race hath served, hath served the island kings, hath served the island kings. But not by Custom’s dull command, but not by Custom’s dull command, but not by Custom’s dull command, Today with song, today with song, today with song Her empire rings, today, today with song Her empire rings. Not all the glories of Her birth, Her armed renown and ancient throne Could make Her less the child of earth, could make Her less the child of earth, Or give Her hopes beyond our own, hopes beyond our own. But stayed on faith more sternly proved, but stayed on faith, on faith more sternly proved, And pride, and pride than ours more pure and deep, She loves the land, she loves the land, she loves the land our fathers loved, And keeps, and keeps the fame our sons shall keep, the fame our sons shall keep.
