Long live Victoria! Domina præclara! Hark! the world is full of thy praise, England’s Queen of many days; Who knowing how to rule the free, Hast giv’n a crown to monarchy. Long live Vic– toria! O felix anima! Honour, Truth and growing Peace Follow Britannia’s wide in– crease, And Nature yield her strength unknown To the wisdom born beneath thy Throne. In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame, in wisdom and love firm is thy fame. Enemies bow to honour thy name, Enemies bow to honour thy name, Long live Victoria! In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, Enemies bow to honour thy name, to honour thy name. The world shall never tire to tell Praise, praise of the Queen, Praise, praise of the Queen who reignèd well, The world shall never tire to tell Praise! Praise! Praise of the Queen who reignèd well. Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! O felix anima! Domina præ– clara! Amore semper coronabere Regina cara! Regina cara!
Long live Victoria! Domina præclara! Hark! the world is full of thy praise, England’s Queen of many days; Who knowing how to rule, to rule the free, Hast giv’n a crown to monarchy. Long live Vic– toria! O felix anima! Honour, Truth and growing Peace Follow Britannia’s wide in– crease, And nature yield her strength unknown To the wisdom born beneath, beneath thy Throne. In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, Enemies bow to honour thy name, In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame. Enemies bow to honour thy name, to honour thy name, Long live Victoria! In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame, Enemies bow to honour, to honour thy name. The world shall never tire to tell Praise of the Queen who reignèd well, Praise, praise of the Queen who reignèd well, who reignèd well, The world shall never, never tire to tell Praise! Praise! Praise of the Queen who reignèd well. Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! O felix anima! Domina præ– clara! Amore semper coronabere Regina cara! cara! Regina cara!
Long live Victoria! O felix anima! Hark! the world England’s Queen of many days; Who knowing how to rule the free, to rule the free, a crown to monarchy. Long live Vic– toria! Domina præclara! Honour, Truth and growing Peace Follow Britannia’s wide in– crease, And nature yield her strength, her strength unknown To the wisdom born beneath thy Throne, beneath thy Throne. In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, Enemies bow to honour thy name, firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame. Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame, In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, Enemies bow to honour thy name, to honour, to honour thy name. The world shall never tire to tell, the world, the world shall never tire to tell Praise of the Queen who reignèd well, The world shall never tire, shall never tire to tell Praise! Praise! Praise praise of the Queen who reignèd well. Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! O felix anima! Domina præ– clara! Amore semper coronabere Regina cara! cara! Regina cara!
Long live Victoria! O felix anima! Hark! the world is full of thy praise, England’s Queen of many days; Who knowing how to rule the free, who knowing how to rule the free, a crown to monarchy. Long live Vic – toria! Domina præclara! Honour, Truth and growing Peace Follow Britannia’s wide in– crease, And Nature yield her strength unknown, her strength unknown To the wisdom born beneath thy Throne. In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, Enemies bow to honour thy name, Ene mies bow to honour thy name, firm, firm, In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, firm, firm is thy fame. Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! O felix anima! Domina præclara! In wisdom and love firm is thy fame, firm is thy fame, Enemies bow to honour thy name. Long live Victoria! O felix anima! Long live Victoria! The world shall never tire to tell Praise! Praise! Praise praise of the Queen who reignèd well. Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! O felix anima! Domina præ– clara! Amore semper coronabere Regina cara! Regina cara!
