Goodnight, Goodnight Beloved, I come to watch o’er thee, To be near thee, To be near thee, A lone is peace for me. Goodnight Goodnight, Beloveed! I come to watch o’er thee To be near thee To be near thee, Alone is peace for me, Beloved! Goodnight! Goodnight! Goodnight Beloved! Goodnight Be loved. Thine eyes are stars of morning, Thy lips like crimson flow’rs Goodnight, Goodnight Be loved, While I count the weary hours, Thine eyes are stars of morning, Thy lips like crimson flow’rs Goodnight, Goodnight Beloved While I count the weary hours. Goodnight Goodnight, Beloveed While I count the weary hours Good– night! Goodnight! While I count the weary hours Beloved.
Goodnight, Goodnight Beloved, I come to watch o’er thee, To be near thee, To be near thee, A lone is peace for me. Goodnight Goodnight, Beloveed! I come to watch o’er thee To be near thee To be near thee, Alone is peace for me, Alone is peace for me, Goodnight! Goodnight! Goodnight! Good– night! Goodnight! Goodnight! Goodnight Beloved Goodnight Goodnight Goodnight Beloved. Thine eyes are stars of morning, Thy lips like crimson flow’rs Goodnight, Goodnight Be loved, While I count the weary hours Thine eyes are stars of morning, Thy lips like crimson flow’rs Goodnight, Goodnight Beloved While I count the weary hours. Goodnight Goodnight, Beloveed Good– night Goodnight Beloved Good – night! Goodnight! While I count the weary hours While I count the weary hours Goodnight Goodnight Goodnight Good– night
Goodnight, Goodnight Beloved, I come to watch o’er thee, To be near thee, To be near thee, A lone is peace for me. Goodnight Beloved, Beloveed! I come to watch Beloved! To be near thee To be near thee, Alone is peace for me, Alone is peace for me, Goodnight! Goodnight! Good– night! Beloved! Goodnight! Goodnight! Be loved! Goodnight Goodnight Goodnight Beloved. Thine eyes are stars of morning, Thy lips are crimson flow’rs Goodnight, Goodnight Beloved, While I count the weary hours, Thine eyes are stars of morning, Thy lips like crimson flow’rs Goodnight, Goodnight Beloved While I count the weary hours. Goodnight Goodnight Be loveed Good– night Goodnight Be loved Good – night! Goodnight! While I count the weary hours While I count the weary hours Goodnight Goodnight Good– night Beloved
Goodnight, Goodnight Beloved, I come to watch o’er thee, To be near thee, To be near thee, A lone is peace for me. Goodnight Beloved, Beloved! I come to watch o’er thee To be near thee To be near thee, Is peace for me, Alone is peace for me, Goodnight! Goodnight! Goodnight! Good– night! Goodnight! Beloved! Goodnight Goodnight Goodnight Beloved. Thine eyes are stars of morning, Thy lips like crimson flow’rs Goodnight, Goodnight Beloved, While I count the weary hours, Thine eyes are stars of morning, Thy lips like crimson flow’rs Goodnight, Goodnight Beloved While I count the weary hours. Goodnight Goodnight Beloved While I count the weary hours Good– night! Goodnight! the weary hours While I count the weary hours Goodnight Goodnight Goodnight Good– night
