Room! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Then was I ware of one enthroned on high, Radiant in vesture and of noble mien, At whose fair feet did many garlands lie Of all the flowers that best be seen; Cowslip and daffodil, and sweet woodbine That tokens sympathy; Whitethorn and primrose, and brave eglantine, eglantine That’s for simplicity; Lilies for purity and grace; England’s red rose, England’s red rose for strength and dignity, England’s red rose for strength and dignity. Thus singing still, the fields and flowers among They passed, a gallant, gallant train, And this the burden of the song they sung, This the burden of the song they sung: Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! And hark! afar across the sea Long live Victoria! Hark! hark! afar across the sea From clime to clime How kindred voices chime, Joining the glad refrain, hark! In ever swelling harmony: Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long Long Long long may she reign! Long may she reign Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign!
Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Then was I ware of one enthroned on high, Radiant in vesture and of noble mien, At whose fair feet did many garlands lie Of all the flowers that best be seen; Cowslip and daffodil, Cowslip and daffodil, and sweet woodbine That tokens sympathy; Whitethorn and primrose, and brave eglantine That’s for simplicity; The gentle violet for modesty; And chiefly, chiefly there found place England’s red rose, England’s red rose for strength and dignity, And chiefly, chiefly there found place England’s red rose for strength and dignity. Thus singing still, the fields and flowers and flowers among They passed, a gallant, gallant train, And this the burden of the song they sung, This the burden of the song they sung: Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! And hark! afar across the sea From clime to clime How kindred voices, kindred voices chime Joining the glad refrain hark! In ever swelling harmony: hark! hark! afar across the sea In ever swelling harmony: Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long Long Long long may she reign! Long may she reign Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long long long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long, long, long may she reign!
Room for Flora’s Queen! Room! Room for Flora’s Queen for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen for Flora’s Queen for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! In rustic roundelay, in rustic roundelay: Then was I ware of one enthroned on high, Radiant in vesture and of noble mien, At whose fair feet did many garlands lie Of all the flowers that best be seen; Cowslip and daffodil, woodbine That tokens sym pathy; brave eglantine, brave eglantine, That’s for simplicity; The gentle violet for modesty; Lilies for grace; And chiefly there found place England’s red rose, England’s red rose for strength and dignity, And chiefly chiefly there found place England’s red rose for strength and dignity. Thus singing still, the flowers among They passed, a gallant train, And this the burden of the song they sung, This the burden of the song they sung: Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long, long, long may she reign! hark! afar across the sea From clime to clime How kindred voices, chime Joining the glad refrain In ever, ever swelling ever swelling, ever swelling harmony, In ever swelling harmony, In ever swelling harmony, Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long Long Long long may she reign! Long, long, Long, long, Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long, long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long, long, long may she reign! Long, long may she reign!
Room for Flora’s Queen! Room! Room! Room! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room! Room for Flora’s Queen! Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen, Room for Flora’s Queen! Room Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! So sang the nymphs and shepherds on a morn of May In rustic roundelay, in rustic roundelay: Then was I ware of one enthroned on high, Radiant in vesture and of noble mien, At whose fair feet did many, many garlands lie Of all the flowers that best be seen; Cowslip and daffodil, and sweet woodbine, and sweet woodbine That tokens sympathy; Whitethorn and primrose, brave eglantine That’s for simplicity; Lilies for purity and grace; And chiefly there found place England’s red rose, red rose for strength and dignity, And chiefly, chiefly there found place England’s red rose for strength and dignity. Thus singing still the fields and flowers among They passed, a gallant, gallant train, And this the burden of the song they sung, This the burden of the song they sung: Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long, long, long may she reign! Long live Victoria! Hark! hark! afar across the sea From clime to clime Hark! kindred voices chime Joining the glad refrain In ever swelling harmony, In ever swelling harmony, In ever swelling harmony, Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long Long Long long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long, may she reign! Long may she reign! Long, long, long, long, long, long may she reign!
Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s, for Flora’s Queen! Room! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room! Room! Room! Room! Room! Room for Flora’s Queen for Flora’s Queen! So sang the nymphs and shepherds on a morn of May In rustic roundelay, in rustic roundelay: Then was I ware of one enthroned on high, Radiant in vesture and of noble mien, At whose fair feet did many, many garlands lie Of all the flowers that best be seen; Cowslip and daffodil, and sweet woodbine, and sweet woodbine That tokens sympathy; brave eglantine brave eglantine That’s for simplicity; The gentle violet for modesty; And chiefly, chiefly there found place England’s red rose, red rose for strength and dignity, And chiefly, chiefly there found place England’s red rose for strength and dignity. Thus singing still the fields and flowers among They passed a gallant, gallant train, And this the burden of the song they sung, This the burden of the song they sung: Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long, may she reign! Long may she reign! may she reign! Long live Victoria! And hark! afar across the sea From clime to clime How kindred voices chime hark! Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long Long Long long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long may she reign! Long, long, long, may she reign! Long, may she reign! Long, long, long, long, long may she reign!
Room for Flora’s Queen! Room! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room! Room for Flora’s Queen! Room! Room for Flora’s Queen! Queen for Flora’s Queen! Room! Room!Room! Room!Room for Flora’s Queen! Room for Flora’s Queen! Queen for Flora’s Queen! So sang the nymphs and shepherds on a morn of May In rustic roundelay, in rustic roundelay: Then was I ware of one enthroned on high, Radiant in vesture and of noble mien, At whose fair feet did many garlands lie Of all the flowers that best be seen; Cowslip and daffodil, Cowslip and daffodil, woodbine That tokens sympathy; Whitethorn and primrose, brave eglantine, eglantine, That’s for simplicity; Lilies for purity and grace; England’s red rose, red England’s red rose, for strength and dignity, England’s red rose for strength and dignity. Thus singing still, the flowers among They passed, a gallant train, And this the burden of the song they sung, This the burden of the song they sung: Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long, may she reign! Long may she reign! And hark! afar across the sea From clime to clime How kindred voices chime Joining the glad refrain Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! hark! Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long live Victoria! Long Long Long long may she reign! Long, long, Long, long, long, long, long, long may she reign! Long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long may she reign!
