Lady on the silver throne, Lady on the silver throne, Like the Moon Thou art to me Something bright, something bright, august and lone, Infinite in mystery; Infinite in mystery; How can I a pilgrim, sing Such a dazzling, distant thing? But the Moon came down, came down to earth, Wiping tears from humble eyes; Woman in thy smiles and sighs: Woman in thy smiles and sighs: Empress! Empress! take the praise, Empress, take the human praise, take the human praise, take the human praise That a subject dares not raise, that a subject dares not raise.
Lady on the silver throne, Lady on the silver throne, Like the Moon, like the Moon Thou art to me something bright, something bright, august and lone, Infinite, Infinite in mystery; How can I, a pilgrim, sing? How can I, a pilgrim, sing Such a dazzling distant thing? But the Moon came down, Wiping tears from humble eyes; Woman in thy smiles and sighs: Woman in thy smiles and sighs: Empress Empress! take the praise, take the praise Empress take the human praise, the human, human praise, Empress, take the human praise That a subject dares not raise, that a subject dares not raise.
Lady on the silver throne, Lady on the silver throne, Like the Moon, like the Moon Thou art, thou art to me Something bright, something bright, august and lone, Infinite in mystery; Infinite in mystery; How can I, sing, how can I, a pilgrim, sing Such a dazzling, distant thing? How can I, a pilgrim, sing Such a distant thing? But the Moon came down, Wiping tears from humble eyes; Wiping tears from humble eyes; Woman in thy smiles and sighs: to grief and mirth, Woman in thy smiles and sighs: Empress Empress! Empress! Empress, take the praise, Empress, take the human praise, the human praise, Empress, take the praise, the human praise That a subject dares not raise, a subject dares not raise.
Lady on the throne, Lady on the silver throne, Like the Moon, Thou art to me Something bright, something bright, august and lone, Infinite in mystery; in mystery; How can I, a pilgrim, sing, a pilgrim, sing, sing Such a dazzling, distant, distant thing? How can I, a pilgrim, sing Such a distant thing? But the moon came down to earth, Wiping tears from humble eyes; Thou dost bend to grief and mirth, Woman in thy smiles and sighs: Thou dost bend to grief and mirth, Empress Empress, take the human praise, human praise, Empress, take the human praise, take the human praise, Empress, take the human praise, Empress, take the human praise That a subject dares not raise dares not raise, that a subject dares not raise.
Lady, Lady on the silver throne, Like the Moon, like the Moon Thou art to me Something bright, something bright, august and lone, Infinite in mystery; Infinite; How can I, a pilgrim, sing Such a dazzling, distant thing, a dazzling distant thing? How can I, a pilgrim, sing Such a dazzling distant thing? But the Moon came down to earth, Wiping tears from humble eyes; Wiping tears from humble eyes; Thou dost bend to grief and mirth, Thou dost bend to grief and mirth, Empress Empress! Empress, take the human human praise, Empress, take the praise, take the human praise, Empress, take the human praise, take the praise That a subject dares not raise, take the praise that a subject dares not raise.
Like the Moon, like the Moon thou art to me Something bright, something bright, august and lone, Infinite in mystery; Infinite in mystery; How can I, a pilgrim sing, a pilgrim, sing Such a dazzling, distant thing? How can I, a pilgrim, sing? But the Moon came Wiping tears from humble eyes; Thou dost bend to grief and mirth, Thou dost bend to grief and mirth, Woman, in thy smiles and sighs, Empress, take the human praise, Empress! Empress, take human praise, Empress, take the praise, take the praise a subject dares not raise.
