Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, Says the fly, says he, will you marry me, And live with me, sweet humble bee: Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, you'll never know, I sting. Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, So when the parson had joined the pair, They both went out to take the air. Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee. Fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede,dee. *Humble bee.
Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, marry me, live with me, Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, Says the bee, says she, I'll live under your wing, And you'll never, never know that I carry a sting. Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, the humble bee. Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, Fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlededee. *Humble bee.
Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, marry me, live with me, Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, you'll never know, I sting. Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, So when the parson had joined the pair, They both went out to take the air. Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, the humble bee. Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee. Fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlededee. *Humble bee.
Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, marry me, live with me, Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, you'll never know, I sting. Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, Fiddlededee, fiddlededee, The fly has married the humble bee, And then to think that of all the flies The humble bee should take the prize. Fid, Fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede fiddlede,Fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlede, fiddlededee. *Humble bee.
