Resplendent beams are kindling in the East Awake, ye nations to a nobler day. From port to port, from spire to spire the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, and powers released From spire to spire the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, on commerce freed and powers released Ye, late returned from England’s royal feast, Pass friend to friend along th’Atlantic breeze, Join hearts with hearts while threads that knit the seas Flash love and joy of brotherhood increased Flash love and joy, and joy of brotherhood increased. So be this time remembered, remembered in the close And sunset of our age, our age which ebbs amain, ebbs amain. But thou, Victoria, may’st thou long sustain The burden which thy People’s love bestows, The burden of a Reign so richly blest Of all our Reigns the longest and the best!
Resplendent beams are kindling in the East Awake, ye nations to a nobler, nobler day. From port to port, from spire to spire, from spire to spire the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, powers released From port to port, from spire to spire the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, on commerce freed and powers released Ye, late returned from England’s royal feast, Pass friend to friend along the Atlantic breeze, Join hearts with hearts, join hearts with hearts while threads that knit the seas Flash love and joy of brotherhood increased Flash love and joy, and joy of brotherhood increased. So be this time remembered, remembered in the close And sunset of our age which ebbs amain, ebbs amain. But thou, Victoria, may’st thou long sustain The burden which thy People’s love bestows, The burden of a Reign so richly blest Of all our Reigns the longest and the best!
Resplendent beams are kindling in the East Awake, ye nations to a nobler, nobler day. From port to port, from spire to spire, from spire to spire the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, From port to port, from spire to spire the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, on commerce freed and powers released Ye, late returned from England’s royal feast, Pass friend to friend, along the Atlantic breeze, Join hearts with hearts, join hearts with hearts while threads that knit the seas Flash love and joy of brotherhood increased Flash love and joy, and joy of brotherhood increased. So be this time remembered in the close And sunset of our age which ebbs amain, ebbs amain. But thou, Victoria, may’st thou long sustain The burden which thy People’s love bestows, The burden of a Reign so richly blest Of all our Reigns the longest and the best!
Resplendent beams are kindling in the East Awake, ye nations to a nobler, nobler day. From port to port, from spire to spire, from spire to spire the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, From port to port, from spire to spire the ray, the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, on commerce freed and powers released Ye, late returned from England’s royal feast, Pass friend to friend, along the Atlantic breeze, Join hearts with hearts, join hearts with hearts while threads that knit the seas Flash love and joy of brotherhood increased Flash love and joy, and joy of brotherhood increased. So be this time remembered, remembered in the close And sunset of our age, our age which ebbs amain, ebbs amain. But thou, Victoria, may’st thou long sustain The burden which thy People’s love bestows, The burden of a Reign so richly blest Of all our Reigns the longest and the best!
Resplendent beams kindling in the East Awake, ye nations to a nobler, to a nobler day. From port to port, from spire to spire the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, From port to port the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, on commerce freed and powers released Ye, late returned from England’s royal feast, Pass friend to friend, along the Atlantic breeze, Join hearts with hearts while threads that knit the seas Flash love and joy of brotherhood increased Flash love and joy, and joy of brotherhood increased. So be this time remembered in the close And sunset of our age which ebbs amain, ebbs amain. But thou, Victoria, may’st thou long sustain The burden which thy People’s love bestows, The burden of a Reign so richly blest Of all our Reigns the longest and the best!
Resplendent beams are kindling in the East Awake, ye nations to a nobler day, a nobler, nobler day. From port to port from spire to spire, From port to port, from spire to spire the ray Lights upon commerce freed and powers released, From spire to spire on commerce freed and powers released, on commerce freed and powers released Ye, late returned from England’s royal feast, Pass friend to friend, friend to friend along the Atlantic breeze, Join hearts with hearts, join hearts with hearts Join hearts with hearts while threads that knit the seas Flash love and joy of brotherhood increased Flash love and joy, and joy of brotherhood increased. So be this time remembered, remembered in the close And sunset of our age, our age which ebbs amain, ebbs amain. But thou, Victoria, may’st thou long sustain The burden which thy People’s love bestows, The burden of a Reign so richly blest Of all our Reigns the longest, longest and the best!
