Oh! happy hour, most meet for merry ditty Then were the banners and the beacons flaunting, Then were the towers chaunting, For our great blessing, Deo gratia et gloria, Victoria, long live Vic– toria! Then on the sea and shore the cannon boomed, Then carolled court and cot, causey and alley, Mountain and plain, For our great blessing, Soli Deo gloria, Victoria, long reign Victoria! Bright Sun, And stars As on your sister planet’s birthday morning, Chime with our singing, chime, chime with our singing, Deo gratia et gloria, Our great, our good Victoria, long reign Victoria! Long live Victoria!
Oh! happy hour, most meet for merry ditty Then were the banners flaunting, Then were the towers chaunting, For our great blessing, Deo gratia et gloria, Victoria, long live Vic– toria! Then on the sea and shore the cannon boomed, Then carolled court and cot, Mountain and plain, For our great blessing, Soli Deo gloria, Victoria, long reign Victoria! Bright Sun, And stars As on your sister planet’s birthday morning, Chime with our singing, chime, chime, chime with our singing, Deo gratia et gloria, Our great, our good Victoria, long reign Victoria! Long live Victoria!
Oh! happy hour, most meet for merry ditty When fair did fall fair England, field and city, Then were the banners flaunting, Then were the towers chaunting, For our great blessing, Deo gratia et gloria, Victoria, long live Vic– toria! Then on the sea and shore the cannon boomed, All hail! Great Queen, on shore and sea re nowned! Then carolled court and cot, Mountain and plain, For our great blessing, Soli Deo gloria, Victoria, long reign Victoria! Bright Sun, upon her empire setting never, And stars As on your sister planet’s birthday morning, Chime, chime, chime with our singing, Deo gratia et gloria, Our great, our good Victoria, long reign Victoria! Long live Victoria!
When fair, when fair did fall fair England, field and city, Then were the banners flaunting, Then were the toppling towers one burthen chaunting, For our great blessing, Deo gratia et gloria, Victoria, long live Vic– toria! Then the cannon boomed, All hail! Great Queen, on shore and sea re nowned! Then carolled court and cot, Mountain and plain and ev’ry pretty valley For our great blessing, Soli Deo gloria, Victoria, long reign Victoria! Bright Sun, upon her empire setting never, And stars that cynosure her navies ever, Ye sang together for her brave adorning, Chime, chime, chime with our singing, Deo gratia et gloria, Our great, our good Victoria, long reign Victoria! Long live Victoria!
When fair, when fair did fall fair England, field and city, Then were the banners flaunting, Then were the towers chaunting, For our great blessing, Deo gratia et gloria, Victoria, long live Vic– toria! Then the cannon boomed, All hail! Great Queen, on shore and sea re nowned! Then carolled court and cot, Mountain and plain, For our great blessing, Soli Deo gloria, Victoria, long reign Victoria! Bright Sun, upon her empire setting never, And stars that cynosure her navies ever, Ye sang together for her brave adorning, Chime, chime, chime with our singing, Deo gratia et gloria, Our great, our good Victoria, long reign Victoria! Long live Victoria!
