With wisdom, goodness, grace, she filled For many years the Throne, And whatsoe'er her people willed, and whatsoe'er her people willed, That will she made her own; More long, more loved, more long, more loved, she reigned than all The kings of days gone by, the days gone by; Sceptres may pass, sceptres may pass and empires fall, Her name, her name will never die, her name will never die, her name will never die. Victoria! Victoria! Victoria! Victoria! Long may she live and reign! The Queen of our inviolate Isles, And the Empress of the main and the Empress of the main, Victoria! Victoria! Long may she live and reign! The Queen of our inviolate Isles And the Empress of the main, and the Empress of the main! Vicmain!
With wisdom, goodness, grace, she filled for many years the Throne, And whatsoe'er her peoplewilled, and whatsoe'er her people willed, That will she made her own; More long, more loved more long, more loved, she reigned than all The kings of days gone by, the days gone by; Sceptres may pass, sceptres may pass and empires fall, Her name, her name, her name willnever die, her name will never die. Victoria! Victoria! Victoria! Victoria! Long may she live and reign! The Queen of our inviolate Isles, And the Empress of the main, and the Empress of the main, Victoria! Victoria! Long may she live and reign! The Queen of our inviolate Isles, And the Empress of the main, and the Empress of the main! Vicmain!
With wisdom, goodness, grace, she filled For many years, for many years the Throne, Throne, And whatsoe'er her people willed, and whatsoe'er her people willed, That will she made her own, she made her own; more long, more loved, she reigned than all The kings of days gone by, the days gone by; Sceptres may pass, sceptres may pass and empires fall, and empires fall, Her name will never die, her name will mever die, her name will never die. Victoria! Victoria! Victoria! Victoria! Long may she live and reign! The Queen of our inviolate Isles, And the Empress of the main, and the Empress of the main, Victoria! Victoria! Long may she live and reign! The Queen of our inviolate Isles, And the Empress of the main, and the Empress of the main! Vicmain!
With wisdom, goodness, grace, she filled for many years the Throne, And whatsoe'er her people willed, and whatsoe'er her people willed, That will she made her own; more long, more loved, she reigned than all The kings of days gone by, the days, the days gone by; Sceptres may pass, sceptres may pass and empires fall, and empires fall, her name will never die. Victoria! Victoria! Victoria! Victoria! Long may she live and reign! The Queen of our inviolate Isles, And the Empress of the main, and the Empress of the main, Victoria! Victoria! Long may she live and reign! The Queen of our inviolate Isles And the Empress of the main, and the Empress of the main! Vicmain
