There rolls the deep where grew the tree. O earth, what changes hast thou seen! There, where the long street roars, hath been The stillness of the central sea. The hills are shadows, and they flow From form to form, and nothing stands; They melt like mist, the solid lands, Like clouds they shape themselves and go. But in my spirit will I dwell, And dream my dream, and hold it true; For though my lips may breathe adieu, I cannot think the thing farewell, I cannot think the thing farewell, I cannot think the thing farewell. I cannot think farewell, farewell, farewell.
There rolls the deep where grew the tree. O earth, what changes hast thou seen! There, where the long street roars, hath been The stillness of the central sea. The hills are shadows, and they flow From form to form, and nothing stands; They melt like mist, the solid lands, Like clouds, like clouds they shape themselves and go. But in my spirit will I dwell, And dream my dream, and hold it true; For though my lips may breathe adieu, I cannot think the thing farewell, I cannot think the thing fare well, I cannot think the thing, the thing farewell. I cannot think farewell, farewell, farewell.
There rolls the deep where grew the tree. O earth, what changes hast thou seen! There, where the long street roars, hath been The stillness of the central sea. The hills are shadows, and they flow From form to form, and nothing stands; They melt like mist, the solid lands, Like clouds they shape themselves and go. But in my spirit will I dwell, And dream my dream, and hold it true; For though my lips may breathe adieu, I cannot think the thing farewell, I cannot think the thing fare well, I cannot think the thing farewell. I cannot think farewell, farewell, farewell.
There rolls the deep where grew the tree. O earth, what changes hast thou seen! There, where the long street roars, hath been The stillness of the central sea. The hills are shadows, and they flow From form to form, and nothing stands; They melt like mist, the solid lands, Like clouds, like clouds they shape themand go. But in my spirit will I dwell, And dream my dream, and hold it true; For though my lips may breathe adieu, I cannot think the thing farewell, I cannot think the thing fare well, I cannot think, I cannot think the thing farewell, farewell, farewell.
